[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: I think that's
good on our gather and spread.
So let's open up exercise two.
And this is we will finish exercise
two and then take our lunch break.
Okay so go ahead and
open it up and I'll orient you to
exercise two and then give you.
Will take like five
minutes on exercise two,
four minutes, it's a short exercise, okay?
Same kind of thing that I was just talking
about before the kinds of tricks that we
can play with spreads, and
gathers, and with parameters.
The spirit of this exercise is
that when I call the bar function,
which is giving me back
whatever comes back from foo,
that's gonna give me an array that, if I
join those together, comes to this string.
In other words, I'm expecting an array
back with the values 2, 8, 10 and
12 in it.
And the starting values that I have
to play with, are these two arrays.
So in some way shape or form.
I want to transport those values into foo,
and in some way shape or form,
I want to declare foo and
return something from foo that
ends up resulting in an array that has 2,
8, 10, and 12 in it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So using the same
sort of stuff with gathers and
spreads that we just talked about.
See if you can declare that code.